August 2024 newsletter (#446)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/newsletter-august-2024.md

## New features from the previous month

* We released some quality of life improvements for advertisers
  around cropping and resizing ads to fit [our specs]({filename}../pages/learning-hub/ad-design-and-specs.md).
* We wrote a [marketing piece]({filename}../posts/2024-niche-targeting-for-marketers.md)
  on the AI-powered niche targeting we are building.
  This goes along with our more [developer-focused explanation]({filename}../posts/2024-niche-ad-targeting.md).
* We recently read
  [The Elements of User Onboarding](https://www.useronboard.com/user-onboarding-ux-design/training/)
  by Samuel Hulick in our
  [book club]({filename}../posts/book-club-tips-and-reviews.md).
  Based on this, we made a few improvements to help our user onboarding including our
  new advertiser checklist and pointing to some existing guides we have to help advertisers
  create compelling ads.
* We made a small change to show the domain where the user will go
  when they click on an ad. This is a good move we've wanted to make in the name

>   of transparency, one of our core differentiators as an ad network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of user experience and transparency, a couple of our core differentiators as an ad network.
```
